Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
WOMAN:
♪ Oh. the ♪
♪ shameless witch
is dancing ♪
♪ Oh. the shameful fairy
lies and gossips ♪
♪ Oh. the demon there
will shake with rage ♪
(engine revving)
♪ Deep beneath his pillow ♪
♪ Don't disturb me. ♪
Hmm?
-(chuckles)
-(engine revving)
(horns blaring. honking)
(horn blares)
(tires screech)
(grinding)
(splattering)
(birds chirping)
(engine clicking quietly)
(baby cooing softly)
-Did you enjoy our fun outing?
-(coos)
Good. because we're here now.
You'll like it here.
Every room is spick-and-span
with tons of sunshine
from all the huge windows.
And their shepherd's pie
is really good.
Listen.
You have to stay here for now.
You mustn't go anywhere else.
And the rest is up to you. okay?
Earwig.
-(Earwig crying)
-(doors opening)
(scoffs)
At this time of the morning?
(gasps) My word!
Goodness!
Oh.
You're all right. little one.
There. there. don't cry.
Yes. that's a good girl.
Hmm?
It looks like this is a note
from whoever left the baby.
"Got the other 12 witches
all chasing me.
"I'll be back for her
when I've shook them off.
"It may take years.
Her name is Earwig."
"Earwig"?
If it's true
that this child's mother
has associated with 12 witches.
then it follows
she must also be a witch.
I wonder
what she might have done
to anger all the other witches
in her coven.
Witches. is it?
Bunch of rubbish!
Perhaps this means that
little child is a witch as well.
What?
(Earwig laughing)
Nonsense!
There are simply
no such thing as witches.
Right?
This is your home now.
She called you Earwig?
The bug that burrows
in your ear?
Let me see now.
A name like Earwig will not do.
Matron. are you all right?
Hello. everyone.
Welcome our newest.
Her name is Erica Wigg.
Say hello.
(giggles)
(Earwig laughing)
MATRON:
Well. well.
aren't you
in a good mood.
(women laughing)
♪ ♪
(children giggling)
(child shushes)
♪ ♪
(child grunting)
(gasps)
(children moaning like ghosts)
(barking)
What is it. boy?
(gasping)
(gasping):
Oh. Oh.
(gasping)
(screams)
(man and dog whimpering)
Oh. let's go! Oh. blimey.
Hey! Don't run away.
C-Come back here. boy!
(children laughing)
CUSTARD:
Let's not do this. Erica.
If we get caught. we're
going to be in big trouble.
EARWIG:
Well. then. we'll just
have to make sure
that we don't.
Yes.
All right. let's go.
I really hate getting yelled at.
Silly boy.
Chances like this
don't come along every day.
Come on.
Um. can I just wait out here?
Sure.
If you think you've got
the courage. go right ahead.
(Earwig chuckles)
-(wind howls softly)
-(gasps)
No. Erica!
Wait for me!
(Earwig giggles)
W-What?
What if. instead of
a bell in the tower.
we find a severed head inside it
swinging back and forth.
back and forth?
That'd be fun.
No. it would not.
(laughing)
Then. with his eyes wide open.
it slowly turns around...
(both gasp)
...and just stares at us.
And then. all of a sudden.
the head's mouth opens!
(screaming)
Can't hear you!
Oh. you. Relax. Custard.
What's a scaredy-cat
like you going to do
if we get invaded by Martians?
I read that Martians
are friendly to humans.
It said so in a Heinlein book.
I bet they're going to put you
in a full nelson
when they grab you
with their eight arms.
and then it'll be
game over for you.
See you next lifetime.
Martians don't have eight arms.
They have three.
(scoffs) Three or eight--
who cares. Custard?
(gasps) Oh. wow!
This is the best...!
Shush! Somebody'll hear you.
Hey. it's the others.
A ghost party in the cemetery.
Classic.
Not a soul knows
that you and I are up here.
Isn't this fun?
Look! Over there!
That's a ship. isn't it?
CUSTARD:
You're right.
It looks like a spaceship.
It's so fancy.
I wish I was on it.
Uh. Erica?
You haven't ever wanted
a family of your own
or to live somewhere
other than here. have you?
Nope.
Hmm. Not at all.
Anybody who'd choose me
would be pretty unusual.
but a normal family
would be even worse.
I'd only have two or three
people to do exactly as I want.
Six at most.
What fun would that be?
After all. everyone around here
does what I say.
And it's totally spick-and-span.
We get plenty of sunshine
'cause the windows are huge.
And the shepherd's pie
is really good.
(Custard grunting)
Don't worry. There's no chance
anyone will choose you either.
But. um. a lot of people
who visit here do like me.
Sometimes they even
almost choose me.
(laughing)
♪ ♪
All right. now.
this is important.
Don't forget to cross your eyes
the way I taught you.
Am I clear. Master Custard?
(growls playfully)
(gasps)
Aye. aye. Captain!
(straining)
(both laughing)
♪ ♪
Thelma?
Thelma!
Yes. Welcome back. Matron.
Is something the matter?
Is there trouble at your home?
Why would anything be wrong?
While at the station.
I ran into our neighbor.
Mr. Jenkins.
He said. last night. the
children were dressed as ghosts.
Oh. dear. Last night?
MATRON:
Did you notice anything strange?
THELMA:
No. I was totally unaware.
Perhaps the ghosts he saw
were real.
Nonsense!
EARWIG:
Excuse me. Matron.
It was me he saw.
-What?
-(gasps)
Hey. Custard. you should go now.
(Custard grunts softly)
Erica. what on earth
do you mean?
This afternoon. someone is going
to be adopted. aren't they?
So I decided to hold
a farewell party.
Actually. I was
going to invite you. too.
After all. even the thought
of saying goodbye to you is...
painful.
Sorry.
Did I take things too far?
Oh. Erica. Such a sweet child.
Yes. dear.
perhaps a little too far.
but you could be selected today.
It's a mystery to me
why a child
as sweet and adorable as you
never seems to be
the one chosen.
(both sigh)
(sobs softly)
Oh. That's right.
It almost slipped my mind.
This is for you.
I know you've wanted it
for a while now.
(gasps) Is it a sweater?
(shushes)
Don't let the others know.
Right. Not a word.
Oh. I'm the happiest child
this home has ever had!
Thanks. Matron! I love you!
-My goodness.
-Uh. excuse me. Matron.
What do we say to Mr. Jenkins?
Ghosts are common in cemeteries.
You can tell him that.
Matron. let me
carry this for you.
-But isn't it too heavy?
-(Earwig grunts)
-Not at all.
-What a nice gesture.
Nonsense!
♪ ♪
Oh. Erica. Well?
Uh. it's all done.
I fixed your letter
and it's already in the post.
You'll probably get a terribly
romantic reply tomorrow!
-(squeals)
-Oh. my gosh!
-Yay! (squeals) Brilliant!
-I'm so nervous!
-(girls laughing)
-(sniffing)
Hey. are we having
shepherd's pie for lunch?
COOK:
It's the young lady
with the fine
sense of smell.
Shepherd's pie. right?
It just has to be.
After all. your meat pies are
the absolute best
in the entire world.
and they smell
unbelievably divine.
(clears throat) Remind me.
who's the head cook again?
Why. Erica. of course.
Oh. no. it couldn't be me.
because I don't have a big belly
like this one here!
(grunts)
-You might want to go on a diet.
-(chuckles)
(scoffs) Why in blazes
do I put up with this?
If you want to know
what I'm making.
you'll have to wait
until lunchtime.
(chuckles)
You're a great cook.
(both laughing softly)
-(bell tolling)
-(woman gasps)
Look. he's watching us.
His eyes are almost twinkling.
Hello.
(child laughing)
(laughs) Sharing is very good.
Hmm. she's kind.
Ugh. disgusting.
(indistinct chatter)
(Custard gasps)
WOMAN:
Oh. he's so cute. so adorable.
(chatter continues)
Those kids in there
are actual living people.
They're not dolls.
Not ornaments
for their viewing pleasure.
All they really want
is for us to be
pretty little dolls on display.
Isn't that right. Custard?
-(doorbell buzzing)
-(Custard gasps)
Yes. yes. one moment please.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Uh. come in.
(stern clapping)
Come now. children.
line up nice and neatly.
Big smiles now. everyone.
This way. They're in here.
-(Custard gasps)
-EARWIG: Mm?
♪ ♪
Right. I'll introduce each
one of them to you in order.
This is Maria Jimenez.
She's eight.
You wouldn't think so
to look at her.
but she's quite
an energetic little girl.
-This is George McLay.
-(quietly): Your face.
He loves trucks and bulldozers
-and other large vehicles.
-(Earwig sighs)
And next is Christian Froom.
He's crazy about sports.
He says he wants to be
a professional cyclist...
Huh?
...when he grows up. (laughs)
-Next is Aki Ricefield.
-(crackling)
She's the oldest girl
at this home
-and has a very caring nature.
-(hissing. bubbling)
♪ ♪
(hissing and bubbling stop)
His parents were killed
in a terrible fire.
What's worse is
the fire was ruled suspicious.
Oh. such an unfortunate boy.
(Matron sobbing)
(stammers)
(chuckles)
Her name is Erica Wigg.
She's been living with us
since she was just an infant.
Oh. Uh...
-Mandrake. what say you?
-Huh?
What about her?
She should do.
(whimpers softly)
-We'll take this one.
-Ah?
-EARWIG: No!
-(gasps)
I'm not going!
What's come over you?
Erica dear. you know how
everybody here just wants
to see you with a family
that you can call your own.
But I don't want that.
I want to stay with Custard!
I know change is hard.
but these lovely people live
just a short stroll
away from here
over on Lime Avenue.
You'll be able to come back
and see your friends
whenever you want to.
-I'm sure of it.
-(Earwig grumbles)
And when school starts again.
you'll be able to see Custard
every single day. Oh.
If you wait in my office.
I'll be with you shortly.
You should eat something.
If you don't.
you'll be hungry later.
(sighs)
All right. get yourself ready.
We'll be waiting downstairs.
(door opens. closes)
Where'd this come from?
(groans loudly)
"Earwig"?
Hmm.
You take care.
Erica? (gasps)
(crying softly)
Erica?
(grunts)
For the first time in my life.
I'm being made to do something
I don't want to do.
I mean. how did I end up
in this mess?
♪ ♪
EARWIG:
Those are definitely horns.
(gasps)
(sighs)
(scoffs)
Fine. Challenge accepted.
♪ ♪
Number 13.
Hmm. No surprise there.
Ah. this is perfect.
I can run away whenever I want.
(gasps)
(quiet whooshing)
MANDRAKE:
All right. then.
I got you what
you wanted.
Now I don't want to be
disturbed anymore. (sighs)
(Earwig gasps)
This is where
you'll be sleeping.
Now then. let's you and I
get a few things straight.
My name is Bella Yaga.
I'm a witch.
I brought you to this house
because I need
another pair of hands.
If you work really hard.
I shan't do anything
to hurt you.
(door slams)
However. if you're lazy...
Great!
Hmm?
It's all right.
I didn't really think
you looked like
an actual foster mother anyway.
(grunts)
So. it's settled.
You agree that you'll teach me
everything you know about magic.
and I agree to remain here
and help you out.
(grunts)
Really? It's settled. then.
Into the shop with ya.
Roger!
(footsteps squishing)
(gasping)
♪ ♪
(panting)
(Bella Yaga laughing)
Here. Put this on.
Come along. girl.
You're not here to just stare.
If you don't like
the way it is in here.
you can clean it up
on your own time.
(Bella Yaga laughing)
(gasps)
Now. grind those rat bones
into powder for me.
And be quick about it.
Hmm?
(shouts)
Wha...?
(groans)
In this household.
there's one rule that's crucial.
Learn it straightaway. Got it?
You must on no account
for any reason ever
dare disturb the Mandrake.
Um. the Mandrake?
You mean the man who lives here
and has two big horns
on his head?
He doesn't have horns!
Well. not very often.
He tends to get those
whenever he's been disturbed.
W-What else happens
when he's disturbed?
(inhales deeply)
(shudders)
Well. awful. dreadful things.
If you're lucky.
you'll never find out.
Now. you'd best get to work.
Hey. lady. What'll you be
using this powder for?
Can you do magic with it?
Grind those bones
till they're a fine powder.
Finer than flour. understand?
Hey. what kind of magic?
Who's this stuff for?
Is it you or the Mandrake?
More working and less talking.
you idiot!
(groans. sighs)
Hmm?
(retches)
Wow! That's amazing!
Keep your hands moving
like I told you to!
Good grief.
Looks like this one
calls for a familiar.
Thomas! Time to work!
EARWIG:
Crib notes?
(yowls)
(grunts. groans)
(gasps softly)
-(Thomas yowls)
-(phone ringing)
(groans) Who is that?
(phone clicks)
Yes. hello?
EARWIG:
Huh?
-Oh. madame.
-Hmm?
Yes. this is
Bella Yaga speaking.
It's been such a long time.
Ah. Of course.
Yes. Yes.
(gasps) Your grandchild?
Oh. I see. Mm-hmm.
"A Spell for Winning First Prize
in a Dog Show"?
Yes. I understand.
The annual ballet recital.
A spell to get rid of the lead.
Is that correct?
-Ugh.
-(laughs): Oh.
Please leave it to me.
"Making the
Next-Door Neighbor's Dahlias
-Dry Up and Die" spell.
-Indeed. (chuckles)
BELLA YAGA:
And how many do you require?
EARWIG: "A Love Potion
for the Boy Next Door"?
One? Very good.
Yes. Yes. Mm-hmm.
All of these seem
pretty useless to me.
BELLA YAGA:
I see. I see.
I shall bring it right away.
Yes.
All right. then.
Have a wonderful day. (chuckles)
Thomas! Thomas!
If you don't do
what you're told.
I'm going to give you worms.
Thomas!
Thomas! Thomas!
Thomas.
Magic. grant me the power.
Make the lady's dog Poppy
reach the finals in the dog show
and win first prize.
-(shuddering)
-(whimpering)
(Bella Yaga speaking
foreign language)
(gasps)
(continues speaking
foreign language)
-(grunts softly)
-It smells like violets.
Quit gawking. you lazy girl.
-Huh?
-We've got a mountain of work
that needs to be finished
by tonight.
WEATHERMAN (over radio):
As for South and Southeast Asia.
-New Delhi is sunny.
-(gasps)
mostly clear
with a low of 25 degrees
and a high of 40 degrees.
The humidity
will hover around 90%.
so it will feel quite balmy.
BELLA YAGA:
All right. let's see now.
(grunts)
What have the demons
brought us to dine on today?
(newscast continues playing
over radio)
MANDRAKE:
Meat pie from
Stoke-on-Trent
Station Buffet.
With chips.
Station pie.
I loathe station pie. (grunts)
(snorts. growls)
(gasps)
That is my favorite meal.
(sparks crackling)
I think station pie is great.
-Hmm?
-Bless this food.
(snorting)
WEATHERMAN:
...and a high of 31 degrees.
There's a flood watch
for low-lying areas.
Before I can
make that lady obey me...
(grunts)
...I'm going to
have to protect myself.
Hmm.
And if I can't stand it here
anymore. I can always run away.
BELLA YAGA:
Yes. It's an
essential item
for an urgent order.
Sorry to put you out.
All right. I'm counting on you.
(gasps) Huh?
Where's the door?
♪ ♪
A novel?
Hmm. Mm.
What is this?
It's total rubbish.
Maybe I should just
rewrite it for him.
(grunts)
(groans)
-(squeaking)
-(gasps)
(grunts)
(groans angrily)
(yelling)
(panting)
(squeaky laugh)
All right. Next.
(retches)
(grunts) That stinks!
(panting)
(frustrated grunting)
"Earwig"?
(gasps loudly. sighs)
Huh?
♪ ♪
(gasping)
The door is gone.
(gasps)
-(window rattling)
-(Earwig grunting)
(panting)
It's painted shut.
(whooshing)
Ugh.
I'm completely trapped in here.
This might be the first time
I've ever slept by myself.
(birds chirping)
BELLA YAGA:
Get up. you lazy beast!
(panting)
EARWIG:
Just as I suspected.
I'm the only one
who uses this bathroom.
Hmm.
(spits)
I guess this bathroom's mine.
(door opens. closes)
(yawns softly)
(food sizzling)
BELLA YAGA:
Watch carefully.
In the future. I shall expect
you to cook breakfast for us.
Sure.
Oh. where is it
you sleep at night?
I can't seem to find
the door to your bedroom.
You'll mind your own business
if you know what's good for you.
And if I decide not to listen?
What then?
Just what would you do?
(bell dings)
Well. then I'll give you worms.
Blue and purple ones
that never stop wriggling.
You'll see. And they're large.
Remember that.
She's a witch
who uses a washing machine?
Never mind your grumbling.
Hurry up now and get that
basket filled up with nettles.
(grunts. gasps)
(grunting)
Ow. ow. ow. ow. ow!
BELLA YAGA:
There's no getting
out of here that way.
Why not?
It's because of the Mandrake.
He's got those demons
guarding every way out.
That so? (chuckles)
(Bella Yaga laughing)
Basically. I need to find
a way to get the Mandrake
to do whatever I want.
along with her.
(grunting)
(blender whirring)
Hey. don't just
stand there like that.
See to the chopping.
Hey. lady. what kind of spell
is this gonna be for?
(frustrated grunt)
You just hurry up
and finish that.
And we'll have a lesson after?
I have some bryony berries for
you to grind when you're done.
-By hand.
-By hand?
Finished. So. now will you
teach me some magic?
Go out and pick some thistles
from the backyard.
Be quick about it.
♪ ♪
Why does she always send me
out here for prickly things?
All right. I picked some.
There aren't enough nettles
in here.
Go pick some more.
(gasps) Again?
When are you going to
teach me some magic?
What do you mean "again"?
How dare you?
One more thing. Pick a basket
full of raspberries. too.
-Get a move on!
-Hmm.
(frustrated grunting)
(yawns)
The snakeskins are all cut up.
24 of them.
-Now will you teach me?
-Go pick belladonna leaves.
120 will do.
Thomas!
(grunting angrily)
(sizzling)
(retches)
Wash all those with the others.
Those ones. too. yeah?
You can wash everything
that's in the sink.
Everything. Got it.
(groans)
(gasps)
What are you gawking at?
Hurry and finish your work.
Hey. could I have a go
at doing that?
Never mind that.
Just go and do
what you were told to do.
(phone ringing)
(Bella Yaga groans)
Hmm.
-(grunts) Yes. hello?
-Okay.
WEATHERMAN: The weather in
Jakarta will be clear today..
(groans softly)
That's it. I'm sick of this.
She has no intention of
teaching me magic. not ever.
WEATHERMAN:
Low will be 24 degrees
with a high of...
DEMON:
You summoned me.
master?
I'm here to serve.
Fetch me dishes.
Hmm. make them
the Winterford ones.
As you wish. my master.
WEATHERMAN:
...warning has been issued
for low-lying areas.
(gasps)
Tonight. I want you
to bring the fish and chips
that they make
over at the Silver Hynes Pub.
By your command.
(whooshing)
WEATHERMAN:
The low will be 13 degrees
-and the high 25 degrees.
-(gasps)
(light switch clicks)
(groans) Why does magic
have to smell so awful?
The Mandrake's got it so good.
(gasps softly)
♪ ♪
(gasps) Aha.
The only one who can
control the demons
seems to be the Mandrake.
I guess I used to be a lot like
the Mandrake with everyone.
I could eat what I wanted
whenever I wanted.
(imitating Mandrake):
"This evening.
you shall bring shepherd's pie
from the children's home."
(imitating demon):
"Aye. aye. Captain!"
(sighing)
I really miss Custard.
There's just so much
I wish I could tell him.
(door creaks)
Hmm.
-(gasping)
-(meowing)
Thomas?
(sighs)
She really works us hard.
doesn't she?
You and I've got it
really tough. don't we. Custard?
(meows)
Oh. sorry. I mean Thomas.
It's just that
you kind of remind me of him.
(laughs)
("Don't Disturb Me" playing)
♪ Sweet and stagnant air ♪
♪ on a hot.
hot summer night... ♪
-Wow!
-(distressed meowing)
This is great.
isn't it. Custard?
-I know.
-(groans)
(over stereo):
♪ At a rumor going around ♪
♪ Makes the demon
toss and turn ♪
♪ and stay away... ♪
Hey. Custard. take a good look.
(giggling)
(Earwig humming
"Don't Disturb Me")
(spits)
Morning. lady.
Nice day. isn't it?
BELLA YAGA:
From today on. you'll be
hanging out the laundry.
EARWIG (sleepily):
Twenty-three.
Twenty-four.
Twenty-five.
(groans softly)
Twenty-three.
(gasps) Where was I?
You better do it properly.
or it's worms for you.
There's no reason that
you can't count these yourself.
I'm rather far-sighted.
you know.
You think I can see
something so tiny?
Mm. Matron was exactly the same.
Enough of your idle chatter.
When you've finished counting
the newt eyes. grains of salt
and millipede legs
and rhododendron seeds
and mouse claws.
Count all of them.
If you slack off.
it's worms for you.
("Don't Disturb Me"
playing over stereo)
Good grief!
Worms. worms. worms. worms.
worms is all she says!
Ah. bother! It's awful!
These don't look like horns.
They look like donkey ears.
He doesn't look anything
like that. (grunts)
I've got to start over.
(quiet whoosh)
(groans) It still isn't right.
(soft whooshing)
Huh?
(grunts)
-(soft whooshing continues)
-Hmm?
Okay. now.
what on earth is that?
That's the Mandrake.
(gasps)
Yeah. his den's just
on the other side of the wall.
Hang on! You actually talk?!
Of course I do.
just not very often.
Oh. you might want
to stop drawing that.
I think it's beginning
to disturb the Mandrake.
(grunts)
-(grunts)
-(music stops)
(Earwig gasps)
Hey. do you know about spells?
Mm. well. I know a lot more
than you do about spells.
I've seen you looking
in that book of hers.
The spell
I believe you're looking for
is somewhere towards the back.
I suppose I could show you
where it is if you...
Yes. please!
But wait. I don't get it.
How can his den be
on the other side of that wall?
It doesn't make any sense.
-Over there is the bathroom.
-Yeah. I know.
This house is weird.
but trust me. it's there.
-(Thomas exhaling)
-Hmm.
You coming?
Huh?
(Earwig gasps)
(thunder rumbling)
(grunts)
Yucky!
Oh. shush. You can just
lick them clean when we're done.
I'm not a cat.
Well. look what we have here.
Now use those thumbs of yours
to flip from the back
and turn the pages
till I say stop.
Look. this one is called
"To Make a Plague of Worms"?
(Thomas whimpering. panting)
This one's "Unleash
a Violent Thunderstorm
in Order to Spoil
a Church Fete."
"A Spell to Make
the City Buses Come on Time."
"A Spell to Preserve the Body
from All Magic."
Wait. wait. That's the one.
"A Spell to Preserve the Body
from All Magic."
If we can figure out
how to use it.
it'll protect us from anything
she tries to throw at us.
What?
Yeah. but. Custard--
wait. I mean Thomas--
this spell needs hundreds
of ingredients to pull it off.
Well. every one of them
is somewhere in this room.
and we've got all night
to find them.
So. shall we begin?
All right. according to this.
you're gonna need
plenty of powdered rats' bones.
a generous helping
of newts' eyes.
and well-sliced toad
for the first stage of the brew.
W-Whoa!
♪ ♪
Good. While you're getting
those things ready.
you can start
heating up the henbane.
Oh. good.
Says you have to heat up
three hairs of a black cat's
tail along with the plant.
Well. I'd appreciate it
if you could
at least try
to take them gently!
(groans)
Right. Now the belladonna.
That's the fourth bottle
on the right.
Three drops in with the henbane.
(stammers)
Three. Three drops.
♪ ♪
(thunder rumbling)
(Earwig grunting)
Now it says.
"Position the familiar."
Well. that's easy.
I'm already here.
"The familiar"?
What's that? (grunting)
A familiar is a cat
or other animal who acts as
a sort of witch's assistant
when casting a spell.
For a spell to work properly.
the animal needs to be
close to the spell mixture
at just the right moment.
(chuckles) Well...
(thunder rumbling)
...everybody knows the best
animal for making a spell work
is a black cat.
Oh. yeah? Then why is it
you're always running away?
'Cause I don't like
the kind of spells she does.
They're disgusting.
They make me feel like
I'm being stroked the wrong way.
Hmm? Oh. yeah.
One drop of rose elixir
goes into the green mix now.
Okay. home stretch.
"Get a large bowl.
"Gather all the ingredients.
put them in the bowl.
then mix and say the words."
Well. what do I say?
Hmm?
It's not written there!
What are the words?!
Calm down.
They'll be the usual words
of magical binding.
I think I've probably
heard her use about
-six different words or so.
-(growls angrily)
You had better
remember them. Custard!
Hmm? Huh?
(grunts) I mean Thomas!
After all the work
I've put into this. go on!
Tell me all the words!
Every single one
that you've heard!
(grunting)
All right. I'll say them.
but only if you promise
to stop calling me
that ridiculous name.
And then you've got
to say them back to me
using exactly the same tone
and inflection as me. okay?
You're the witch here. not me.
Right. Let's go.
(Thomas speaking
foreign language)
(Earwig repeating words
in foreign language)
(Thomas speaking
foreign language)
(stammers)
-Meow.
-(sighs)
(Earwig repeating words
in foreign language)
Meow.
(Thomas speaking
foreign language)
(Earwig repeating words
in foreign language)
(sparks crackling)
(both speaking foreign language
in unison)
(crackling. popping)
(Earwig and Thomas
continue speaking in unison)
(whistling)
Wow.
(sniffs)
Smells of roses.
-(laughing)
-What's wrong with you?
Nothing.
It's just. it's just that
some of the things I was saying
were just swearing
'cause I couldn't remember
all the words.
(laughs. meows)
Well. I hope
it's still gonna work.
Hey. what am I
supposed to do now?
Just slather it
all over my body?
Mm-hmm. but you better
do me first.
I-I found the recipe.
and I worked every bit as hard
as you did on this. you know.
Not just that.
I'm tired of her
giving me those worms.
She does it to me every time
she's annoyed with me.
Okay. that's fair.
(Thomas grunts. shudders)
(muffled grunting)
(groaning)
(groans)
This is terrible.
I hope it soaks in eventually.
-(Earwig grunts)
-Hmm?
You can turn around now.
What for?
(shivers)
(sighs) That's better.
Is this going to work?
It better work and work well.
I have no intention of ever
going through all that again.
(groans)
I really don't want
to do that again either.
(sighs)
BELLA YAGA:
Get up. you lazy little beast!
The Mandrake wants
his bacon and eggs.
and he wants them now!
Tell him to get
one of his demons to do it.
BELLA YAGA:
What was that?
EARWIG:
I'm coming!
But let's be clear;
I am not your slave!
BELLA YAGA: I don't care
what you think. (scoffs)
(Mandrake growling angrily)
(angry growling
continues louder)
(quietly):
I've had enough of
being treated like a slave.
You'll get what's coming to you
in the end.
Stop moping about.
Go outside and pick
some nettles and hellebore.
(grunts. shivers)
(sighs)
I am sick of getting
taken advantage of.
And now the weather's doing it?!
(demons giggling)
(Earwig grunting)
Yes. I'll get right to it.
Drat. Stupid customers.
Don't put those there.
I told you to put
all the plants in the cauldron.
not the table.
Useless little beast!
And I told you
I'm not your slave!
I agreed to assist you.
and you agreed that you were
going to teach me
everything you knew about magic.
But instead. all you've done
is work me half to death!
I didn't agree to teach you.
I got you from St. Morwald's
to be another pair of hands.
Well. then you're a cheat!
You told Miss Matron that you
were gonna be my foster mother!
You promised!
(gasps)
(growling)
Foster mother indeed. (scoffs)
Now go and put more fuel
under the cauldron.
And hurry!
If you don't do it.
it's worms for you.
So. then. are you going to
teach me magic or aren't you?
Of course I won't.
Why would I bother?
You're nothing more than
a spare pair of hands.
I see.
That settles it. then.
WEATHERMAN:
In New Caledonia.
they're looking at
warm conditions
-with clear skies.
-(gasps)
Today's low. a mild 19 degrees.
The high...
The orphanage's...
shepherd's pie.
Hmm.
MANDRAKE: It's one of
my favorites.
(gasps)
WEATHERMAN:
Morning weather will be clear
with occasional clouds
in the afternoon.
Low of 22 degrees.
The high.
a comfortable 29 degrees.
Turning our attention now
to North America.
-Anchorage is looking at rain
-(Bella Yaga sighs)
with thunderstorms
in the afternoon.
♪ ♪
Uh. do you ride a broomstick?
(scoffs) Certainly not.
All of my customers
are very respectable.
They are the sort of people
that belong to
Friends of the Earth
and Mothers' Union.
If I flew into
their neighborhood
on the back of a broomstick and
one of the customers' neighbors
happened to see me.
they would throw such a fit.
(gasps)
Now then. enough with
your silly questions.
Finish your work
by the time I return.
I want that floor so clean
that we can eat supper
off it tonight.
(door whooshes shut)
(gasps softly)
Thomas!
Thomas! Where are you?
W-What's going on?
(yawns):
I was having a nap.
The only time I get any peace
is when she goes out. (gasps)
Yes. I know. but just help me
for five minutes.
Think. What's a spell for giving
someone an extra pair of hands?
Huh?
Great idea!
("Don't Disturb Me"
playing over stereo)
(chuckling)
Hmm. Hmm.
Perfect. (giggles)
♪ Sensing a smelly fairy
deep down on the side... ♪
THOMAS:
The trickiest part of this
is gonna be the hair.
It says here we need to tie some
of her hair around the doll.
Well. yeah. good luck with that.
There's no chance she's gonna
let you touch her hair.
Trust me.
Don't worry.
I'll find a way to get some.
You'll see.
That old bag-- it's always about
an extra set of hands with her.
Well. I'll make sure
that she gets some.
♪ With a soul
as dark as mud... ♪
-(quiet sizzling)
-(Mandrake growling)
(growling continues)
♪ Oh. the shameless witch
is dancing... ♪
(turns down volume)
I'm sorry.
Was it too loud for you?
(giggles)
I hope I didn't
disturb your work.
(Mandrake grunts)
(gasps)
Thank you!
I was starting to get hungry.
(scoffs)
-Uh. hey. mister.
-Huh?
I'm curious. Are you a writer?
MANDRAKE:
I am.
Wow. that's great!
C-Can I read your work?
Yes.
(Earwig gasps)
(grunting softly)
I wish I had thumbs. (grunting)
Now. I've got to find
a good place to put these hands.
What do you think?
What about her elbows?
What about on her knees?
She's coming back! Quick!
-You have to hide it!
-(gasps)
(grunting)
Oh.
(panting)
(grunting)
(Earwig humming
"Don't Disturb Me")
What are you doing?
There's no singing
in this house.
Where did you hear that song?
If you think
this floor is clean enough.
you've got another think coming.
There'll be no supper for you
unless you do better.
♪ ♪
I have to figure out
how I'm going to get ahold
of some of her hair.
Now. where exactly is
her bedroom in this house?
I know the Mandrake's room
is located
on the other side
of my bedroom wall.
(gasps)
Is this what I think it is?
THOMAS:
No. that's a cat's claw vine.
You won't find her hair
on the floor.
It just stays on her
disgusting mess on her head.
(retches)
(groans)
(birds chirping)
-(door opens)
-(footsteps approaching)
(grunts)
Okay. that's a bit more like it.
Now off to your bedroom.
You'll have only bread
and cheese for supper tonight.
Perhaps that'll teach you
not to be so lazy in the future.
Hello?
Mr. Demon?
Bother. Thought I might
see one this time.
(sighs)
Mm. Oh. Mr. Mandrake.
your writing is awfully boring.
Ugh. what a waste.
(muffled grunting)
(mouth full):
I guess it's about Bella Yaga.
(muffled grunting)
I bet she's left at least some
of her hair on her hairbrush.
so all I've got to do
is find it.
(grunts)
Hmm.
I'm thinking that
if the Mandrake's room
is situated just the other side
of the bedroom wall.
(straining):
then it stands to reason
Bella Yaga's room is there. too.
(gasps)
(upbeat organ music
playing faintly)
(gasps)
(grunting)
(frustrated grunt)
(gasps)
-(demons squeaking)
-Whoa.
(upbeat organ music continues)
♪ ♪
(grunting)
(demon whoops)
(gasps)
-(grunts)
-(music stops)
Ah. bother!
This is not going to help me
get my hands on
one of Bella Yaga's hairs.
Hmm.
(sighs. grunts)
I just don't understand magic.
I have to somehow get her
to teach me about it.
(picture squeaks)
(heavy knocking)
BELLA YAGA:
Wake up!
The Mandrake wants to have
fried bread for breakfast today!
Hmm?
(gasps)
(grunts)
Hmm? (gasping softly)
(gasps)
It's her hair.
BELLA YAGA:
What are you doing in there?!
Hurry it up!
Yes! Be right there!
You'll get what you deserve.
(chuckles)
WEATHERMAN:
In Seoul today.
it'll be clear in the morning
with scattered showers
in the afternoon.
(steam hissing)
(whooshing)
(growling)
♪ ♪
(growling continues louder)
What is this?
I made fried bread.
It's my first time.
Do you like it?
No!
Why didn't you teach her
how to cook it correctly?!
Well. I. uh...
But all you do is fry it.
It's something a child could do.
Obviously. you're wrong.
Don't ever disturb me
like this again!
DEMON:
How may I serve my master today.
my vile and hideous master?
Don't be rude.
Take this away.
and then go to the scout camp
in Epping Forest.
They always make
fried bread there.
Now go fetch us some.
Yes. my ghastly master.
It will be done as you said.
(demon whooping)
EARWIG (shuddering):
Whoa! Whoa!
(gasping)
WEATHERMAN:
Now for Oceania
and the South Pacific.
(Mandrake sighs)
In Sydney today.
clear in the morning
with occasional light showers
starting in the afternoon
and stretching into
the early evening.
Huh?
A low of ten degrees
and the high. a mild 20 degrees.
Hmm.
It's going to be chilly
in Christchurch
with a low of...
How dare you?
How could you even think of
disturbing the Mandrake
like that?
You very nearly had me
in terrible trouble with him.
(grunts) Well. maybe you should
try teaching me things
once in a while instead of just
making me do stuff
that I don't know.
(grunts angrily)
No pathetic excuses!
You are strictly here to work.
you understand?
I need another pair of hands
or paws or whatever.
Now get to work. you lazy beast!
Toilet break. please.
-Anything to annoy me. eh?
-(whimpering)
Fine. Two minutes. then.
You know what'll happen
if you're late coming back.
♪ Don't disturb me ♪
♪ You wait and see ♪
♪ You'll feel
my curse's ferocity. ♪
(grunts)
(toilet flushes)
(Bella Yaga groaning)
(snickers)
♪ ♪
You wicked. ungrateful beast!
What have you done to me?!
(snickering)
(grunting)
(pained yelling)
(grunts. squeals)
(laughing)
What did you do?
Given you an extra set of hands.
Like you said you wanted.
every day. all the time.
(laughs)
You never shut up about it.
(growls angrily)
Now I'm going to give you worms!
(gasping)
(frustrated grunting)
Ow!
-(shuddering)
-BELLA YAGA: You stay put!
The worms are coming!
(yowls)
(whimpering)
THOMAS: Oh. no. no.
We slathered that magic stuff
all over us.
so we don't have to worry about
her worms anymore.
Not the worms.
Not the worms. Not the worms.
(whimpering)
(gasps) Oh.
(sighs)
-Oh. no. (whimpering)
-(sighs)
Nothing. huh?
(muffled shrieking)
-(gasps)
-(doll shrieking)
(sighs)
Guess she was able
to break the spell.
And after all that effort.
-(rumbling. crackling)
-(gasps)
(gasps)
Hmm?
Just as I thought.
Our spell worked perfectly.
The worms are all down on the
floor and not doing us any harm.
(Thomas whimpering)
Why are you afraid?
Well. that's easy
for you to say.
You're even worse than Custard.
(Thomas shudders)
Hmm.
Oh. Hang on.
Hey. Thomas. if the witch
sees these worms
just sitting here. she'll know
we protected ourselves.
Got to hide these.
(gasps)
♪ ♪
Isn't it funny
how great ideas seem to come
right when you need them most?
THOMAS:
(whimpers) W-What are you doing?
Sending each and every one
of these worms
into the bathroom to hide them.
(gasps)
No! No! (stammering)
Aw. come on. Custard.
Sorry. Thomas.
-Don't do it! (stammering)
-Come on. let's face it.
Worms are no big deal compared
to. uh. three-armed Mar...
(Mandrake growling)
♪ ♪
(Mandrake yelling)
(heavy footstep thumps)
(growling)
Worms. is it?
If it's worms she wants.
then that's what she'll get!
(demons cackling)
Wow.
(demons cackling
and whooping wildly)
-(rumbling. crashing)
-(Bella Yaga shouts)
BELLA YAGA:
No. no. no. no. no!
It wasn't me!
I tell you. it wasn't me!
(grunts)
Why. you!
You! You've gone
and done it now!
Ah. you poor woman.
But it's your fault. you know.
-What did you say?
-(heavy footstep thumps)
MANDRAKE:
I told you that you were
not to disturb me!
-(screaming)
-(growling)
(gasping)
("Don't Disturb Me"
playing over stereo)
♪ Dancing ♪
♪ Oh. the shameful fairy
lies and gossips ♪
♪ Oh... ♪
Here. get rid of
this nuisance. would you?
Huh?
After all.
it would be wrong for me
to disturb you any further.
-Isn't that right. Mr. Mandrake?
-(Mandrake growling)
Now. you two can do
whatever you want.
-I'll leave you to it.
-(Bella Yaga whimpering)
(growling)
-("Don't Disturb Me" continues)
-MANDRAKE: Ah. come back...!
(gasps. grunts)
♪ ♪
Huh? "Earwig"?
-(gasps)
-(crowd cheering)
No way!
♪ Inside a freezing furnace ♪
♪ Coated ash from
head to toe ♪
♪ Barefoot girl's feet
are chapped ♪
♪ Sobbing loud
'cause she doesn't know ♪
♪ How long she'll
have to wait ♪
♪ Until the prince of
her dreams ♪
♪ comes through ♪
♪ On his big white horse
to take her to the palace ♪
♪ Up in his castle tower ♪
♪ All around him
are his toys ♪
♪ Looking all pale and gray ♪
♪ Little prince
cowers like a boy ♪
♪ His door is shut secure ♪
♪ A hundred locks
keep it nice and tight ♪
♪ The only girl
the frightened ♪
♪ prince knows is his mommy ♪
♪ Oh. the foolish prince
is lonely ♪
♪ Ah. the goofing girl
seeks what she waits for ♪
♪ Oh. they don't
know the doors ♪
♪ what they're there for ♪
♪ Waiting to be opened ♪
♪ Don't disturb me ♪
♪ I'm here to say ♪
♪ If you come bother me.
I'll curse you away ♪
♪ Don't disturb me ♪
♪ Though you seem nice ♪
♪ If you're a bother. I'll...
I'll curse you twice ♪
♪ Don't disturb me.
I'm here to say ♪
♪ If you come bother me.
I'll curse you away ♪
♪ Don't disturb me ♪
♪ You wait and see ♪
♪ You'll feel
my curse's ferocity. ♪
♪ ♪
-MANDRAKE: That's enough.
-(gasps)
-(fingers snap)
-(music stops)
Those worms she summoned were
intended for you. weren't they?
Hey. mister. you were
a rock star. right?
I love Earwig! I love it!
Also. who was
that beautiful redhead lady?
-(gasps) Your girlfriend?
-(growls)
Did that woman give you
the worms or didn't she?!
Mm-hmm. And I tried
to put them in the bathroom
through a hole in the wall
to hide them from her.
It was a mistake.
Magical worms will wriggle
into magic places.
The worms made their way
into my den.
Music is the same.
It carries you
to magical places.
That woman will not
do that to you again.
As for you. you won't
do that again either.
I told her to teach you properly
so that I could then
be left alone.
I don't like to be disturbed.
(gasps) Thank you!
She had amazing talent.
For playing drums
and fashioning spells.
Mister. what did Earwig
break up over?
And who's the redhead?
♪ ♪
Not so fast! Stop!
What about the witches' law?
Enough! Whatever I end up doing.
it'll be on my terms.
(scoffs)
So long. you coward.
Those 12 stubborn crones
are in charge of a lot.
but they don't control my life.
(scoffs)
MANDRAKE:
A hole left by a witch
can only be filled by a witch.
She simply... left us.
(sighs)
Mister. I-I won't
leave like that.
and I'll become a proper witch.
Please. sir. I can also
help you with your writing.
I just want to be useful to you.
Time for you to go.
I don't like to be disturbed.
Mister. I-I just. I...
(grunts)
(gasps)
Wait a minute! Mister?
School starts tomorrow.
Would you mind telling her
to let me go to class?
I really need to see
my friend Custard.
-(sighs)
-Custard is a bookworm.
just like you are.
He's always reading.
But all he ever reads
is science fiction.
Maybe he should try reading
a mystery once in a while.
So. would it be all right if
I went to school during the day?
If I do. it'll be
a lot more peaceful around here.
I'll consider it.
Uh... Oh. well.
(grunting softly)
(sighs)
You know. Thomas.
you and I can make them
do just about
-whatever we want them to.
-Huh?
The rest is up to one thing: me.
(broom sweeping broken glass)
(footsteps approaching)
(Bella Yaga sighs)
-I'll be learning magic.
-(gasps)
Or so I was told.
Can't wait to start.
(sighs heavily)
Fine. I just wish I knew
how you did it. (gasps)
-I just want to say thank you.
-(Thomas choking)
We were talking just now.
and the Mandrake said
you were a great witch
and a terrific drummer as well.
I hope I can be
like you someday.
(stammering)
Stop that at once!
(panting)
Now then.
cleaning comes first for you.
because we can't function
in this mess.
(giggles)
♪ Don't disturb me.
I'm here to say ♪
♪ If you come bother me.
I'll curse you away. ♪
(chuckles)
Hey. Bella. why don't we all
go on a picnic sometime?
In your nice yellow car.
You stupid girl.
If you've got time to do that.
you've got time
to learn a spell.
As for that car. it belongs
to the Mandrake. and it's...
EARWIG:
Oh. I was kind of hoping
that maybe you would drive me.
BELLA YAGA:
Stupid girl.
That's not what
I'm talking about at all.
♪ ♪
EARWIG:
Six months have gone by sine
they took me into this house.
-Breakfast in bed with...
-Now everyone here
does exactly
what I want them to.
I mean. it's almost
better than the orphanage.
...and choice of bread.
The mixed grill.
That's what I'll have.
(yawns)
- These days.
t he Mandrake's nice enough
-to call me "Dearwig."
-(knock on door)
-Come in.
-And I quite like it.
Dearwig.
Good morning. sir.
May I have
the mixed grill today?
-(grunts)
-Oh!
I read yesterday's manuscript.
It was so interesting.
That part in the middle
where the children wander into
the tower in the dark and then
climb all the way to the top.
only to find a severed head
instead of a bell--
so good!
(groaning softly)
When can I read more?
-(steam whistling)
-I'll get right to it.
(grunting)
EARWIG:
Even the demons.
who are only loyal
to the Mandrake.
are starting to do
my bidding now.
-(fingers snap)
-Oh. Demon!
You summoned me. my most
beautiful and splendid mistress?
The Mandrake and I
will have the mixed grill.
and Bella Yaga...
Even so. there's still one thing
I just can't
get to seem to go my way.
No matter what I do.
Custard won't come to visit.
-BELLA YAGA: Open it for me.
-Mm-hmm.
EARWIG:
He says he's
much too afraid
of the Mandrake
to come anywhere near the house.
(Mandrake growling angrily)
But it's all right.
Just like I made things
go my way at my new home.
I'm sure I'll eventually be able
to make Custard do what I want.
(grunts softly)
(vehicle approaching)
(shudders. gasps)
-(doorbell buzzing)
-He's here!
(Bella Yaga chuckles)
(shivering)
Hmm?
(lock clicking)
Custard! You...
(gasps)
Merry Christmas. Earwig.
(upbeat song playing)
(singers harmonizing)
(woman singing in Japanese)
(song continues in Japanese)
♪ ♪
(song ends)